Support S3 vectors in `vars_select()` and `one_of()` (#117)
r-lib/tidyselect: NEWS.md

# tidyselect 0.2.5.9000

> * `one_of()` now supports factors and other S3 vectors. Similary,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `one_of()` now always coerces it is input to a character, or fails. Similary,
```
